CRAYSAT-1935: WAR for `sat bootprep` image customization error (#5553)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/workflows/image_preparation.md

    iuf -a "${ACTIVITY_NAME}" -m "${MEDIA_DIR}" run --site-vars "${ADMIN_DIR}/site_vars.yaml" -bpcd "${ADMIN_DIR}" -r update-cfs-config prepare-images
    ```

**`NOTE`:** If it is necessary to execute a `sat bootprep` command directly from management
nodes on CSM 1.5.2 systems to debug a failure, an error may occur during image customization.

> To fix this issue, see the workaround documented in [`sat bootprep` image customization error](../../../troubleshooting/known_issues/sat_bootprep_image_customization_error.md)

Reviewer: This "NOTE" no longer a part of the step, and this results in the numbering of the next step being reset to 1 again. I think it can be fixed by indenting these lines, although I'm seeing inconsistent use of hard line breaks and indentation in this file, so you'll have to try and see what works in the rendered version.

    iuf -a "${ACTIVITY_NAME}" -m "${MEDIA_DIR}" run --site-vars "${ADMIN_DIR}/site_vars.yaml" -bpcd "${ADMIN_DIR}" -r update-cfs-config prepare-images
    ```

    **`NOTE`:** If admin wants to execute `sat bootprep` command directly from management nodes on CSM 1.5.2 systems, you may encounter image customization traceback error.

>     See [`sat bootprep` image customization error](../../../troubleshooting/known_issues/sat_bootprep_image_customization_error.md) documentation to fix it.

Reviewer: We should be careful not to give the impression that it will work to create images directly with `sat bootprep`. The IUF does require that they be created with the IUF, but I think it still does provide the command used to execute `sat bootprep`, and an admin may run that while debugging any image creation failures. Here's my suggested rewording:

```suggestion
    **`NOTE`:** If it is necessary to execute a `sat bootprep` command directly from management
    nodes on CSM 1.5.2 systems to debug a failure, a traceback error may occur during image
    customization. To fix this issue, see the workaround documented in
    [`sat bootprep` image customization error](../../../troubleshooting/known_issues/sat_bootprep_image_customization_error.md)
```

Author: `traceback` is a keyword and need to drop to fix spell-check build failure
